previously on King's Quest 50 bridge
king grams castle and family are taken
by the evil wizard modak sworn to rescue
them Graham is helped in his quest by
the useless wooded Crispin and his
companion Cedric together they reached
the mountains but Graham is snatched by
a giant food will he's arrived find out
now how did I end up in this predicament
again who would lock it it's okay dear
friend I shall rescue you out I hope I
didn't break my legs glam where've you
been I've been looking for you for a
minute now you'd never believe it Cedric
ha ha ha whoops dhola wait Cedric I'm
alive well of course you are Graham it
was only a tiny little fool yes of
course what sort of person would die
from such a tiny fall look Graham
there's a boat here maybe we can use it
no Graham and Island perhaps we should
explore it don't tell me what to do well
this place looks nice enough oh no
herpes way about me so shall we eat this
guy I'd you know he looks elder deaf or
peas like harms right that's where they
caught our fees I I think you ink that
harp is weird are you sure I'm worried
about Cedric think of all the good times
we had William help me Graham help me
gravy healthy Graham helped me where do
you hurt Cedric everywhere don't worry
Cedric I'll get you help thanks for the
poultice kindly hermit oh you okay
Cedric you sound different somehow what
mean Graham this is how I always talk
hmm by now good luck approaching
mordacks dangerous castle no those rocks
they're poisonous hey Cedric are you
hurt no just a bit ruffled is all what a
pity yeah i mean let's find a way in of
course a deadly laser right snake trap I
know just what to do I have the power
well up is cool you go into that dark
Hoenn if you want to Graham I'll wait
here good idea Cedric you can look out
for any Tigers or something Tycho's Wow
hmm I must be in modaks armory why else
would he leave these deadly peas lying
around hey is this locket inexplicably
yours where did you find my locket oh
you wouldn't believe me even if I told
you ha ha ha ha ha ha boobies now let's
see if i can find my family what the
heck it's time to give peas a chance
haha yeah peas a chance ah good I am at
last I've been waiting for my revenge
I'll tell modak your hair until list
with I've brew a bish yeah a big mirror
what did I do to deserve this all I did
was kidnap a series of boys and kill
them before they grew strong enough to
oppose me hey more taxes sleep I could
totally put his hand in some warm water
maybe I'll just take his wand and this
must be more Dax laboratory why I'd
recognize a power trends Mewtwo any day
they're powered by moldy cheese I
believe oh but that actually worked
what's going on in here I'll take care
of your your swing to me by one tell you
Crispin has actually done something
useful for more buffy everyone knows
that flying things hate Tigers turn
further for my dragon balls of flame for
balls a rabbit you won't be sitting safe
pretty after this say goodbye why
mongoose oh you that got it it's time
for file in the disco and I always
promised myself I wouldn't die as a
mongoose white I know I get you for this
you swine
ma'am is it safe yes modak is dead at
least I think he is he turned into a
fire and I put him out that meant he's
dead right Tedder I had the solution to
all your problems Graham including
you're irritable bowels allow me to
explain it seems that your son Alexander
Ted board ex-brother Manannan into a cat
some time ago that's already been
established oh well I also know how to
turn your family back to normal deus ex
machina home my family my joy knows no
bounds yes sir printers Cosima looking
hard maybe I can come over and visit you
sometime at the kingdom of the green
Isles maybe in the next game and now
that he rolls safe it's time to teleport
everyone home ah wait what about Cedric
have no fear Graham there's deer six but
it is enough for all sky of blue roses
of red mixed ettrick alive not dead your
spell's sock and now you can all go home
clip n down not bad with day's work a
Cedric you suck Crispin I'm coming back
home to Hull City
Oh
I'll have my revenge graph you'll see
one day I'll peel your shoes Excalibur
whole